Application status 
Student (subclass 500): 	Granted 
 
 
Dear Jhonatan Camilo MARTINEZ BELLO 
We have granted you a Student (subclass 500) visa on 30 January 2023. 
 
Visa conditions 
8105 - Work limitation 
8202 - Meet course requirements 
8208 - No study change relating to a critical technology without approval 
8501 - Maintain health insurance 
8516 - Must maintain eligibility 
8517 - Maintain education for dependants 
8532 - Under 18 approve welfare 
8533 - Inform provider of address 
 
An explanation of each condition of this Student (subclass 500) visa is included in this letter. 
You can check these conditions at any time by using the Visa Entitlement Verification Online 
(VEVO) service. The four-digit number presented next to each condition above is used in 
VEVO to identify each condition that applies to this Student (subclass 500) visa. 
 
Visa duration and travel 
 
Date of grant 	29 January 2024 
 
Stay until 	20 September 2026 
Must not arrive after 20 September 2026 
 
Length of stay 	20 September 2026 
Travel 	Multiple entries 
 
Visa summary 
 
Name 	Jhonatan Camilo MARTINEZ BELLO 
 
Date of birth 	21 July 2003 
Visa 	Student (subclass 500) 
 
Sector 	Vocational Education and Training Sector 
Date of grant 	29 January 2024 
 
Visa grant number 0149537330300 
Passport (or other travel 
document) number 
AX712439

- 2 - 
 
 
 
Passport (or other travel 
document) country 
COLOMBIA 
 
 
Application ID 	940662425 
Transaction reference number EGOVZNN3Q1 
 
Why keep this notice? 
● Employers and other government agencies might ask for details in this notice so they 
can carry out checks using VEVO. 
● To access your visa record in VEVO. 
 
Student (subclass 500) visa conditions 
Maintain health insurance (visa condition 8501) 
This condition means that you must maintain adequate arrangements for health insurance 
(generally Overseas Student Health Cover) while you are in Australia. You must not enter 
Australia before your Overseas Student Health Cover has begun. You are not permitted 
to remain in Australia after your Overseas Student Health Cover has expired. If you are a 
student from Norway, Belgium or Sweden you may not need to maintain Overseas Student 
Health Cover. 
More information: immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/getting-a-visa/visa-listing/student-500/ 
overseas-student-health-cover 
Work limitation (visa condition 8105) 
This condition means you must not engage in any work in Australia before your course of 
study commences unless at the time of applying for this visa, you held a substantive visa 
or a bridging visa (the previous visa) and you were permitted to work in Australia during the 
period that the previous visa was in effect. 
You also must not engage in work in Australia of more than 40 hours a fortnight when your 
course of study or training is in session. 
The 40-hour requirement does not apply if: 
● you are engaged in work that was specified as a requirement of the course when the 
course particulars were entered into the Commonwealth Register of Institutions and 
Courses for Overseas Students; or 
● you are the holder of a Student visa granted in relation to a masters degree by research 
or doctoral degree and you have commenced the masters degree or doctoral degree. 
In this clause: 
fortnight means the period of 14 days commencing on a Monday. 
Meet course requirements (visa condition 8202) 
This condition means that you must be enrolled in a full-time course and satisfy the course 
requirements of your enrolment including the course level, course progress and course 
attendance. Unless you are a Defence, Foreign Affairs or secondary exchange student, the 
course you are undertaking must be a registered course with the Commonwealth Register of 
Institutions and Courses for Overseas Students (CRICOS).

- 3 - 
 
 
 
The course you are undertaking must give you a qualification from the Australian 
Qualifications Framework that is at the same level or higher level than the course mentioned 
in your grant letter. 
For more information about the Australian Qualification Framework: www.aqf.ed.au 
No postgraduate study change related to critical technology without 
approval (visa condition 8208) 
This condition means you cannot undertake a postgraduate research course, thesis or 
research topic related to a specified critical technology without approval from us. This 
condition also applies in relation to any bridging course that is a prerequisite to a critical 
technology related postgraduate research course. 
More information about this visa condition, and how it affects you, is on our website 
immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/already-have-a-visa/check-visa-details-and-conditions/see- 
your-visa-conditions?product=500 
Must maintain eligibility (visa condition 8516) 
This condition means that you must continue to maintain your eligibility as a person who 
would satisfy the criteria for the grant of your visa. 
Maintain education for dependants (visa condition 8517) 
This condition means that you must ensure that adequate schooling arrangements are 
maintained for your school age dependants who will be in Australia for more than three 
months on the visa. 
Under 18 approve welfare (visa condition 8532) 
This condition means that you must maintain adequate accommodation, support and general 
welfare arrangements. You are not permitted to change those arrangements without the 
approval of your education provider. This should be in writing. You are not allowed to enter 
Australia before the date specified by your education provider. 
Inform education provider of address (visa condition 8533) 
This condition means that you must notify your education provider within seven days after 
arriving in Australia of your residential address (if you were outside of Australia at time of 
grant). In all cases, you are also required to notify them of any change to your residential 
address in Australia within seven days after the change. 
If you intend to change education provider you are required to notify your former education 
provider within seven days after receiving an electronic Confirmation of Enrolment (COE) or 
other evidence of enrolment. 
Australian working conditions 
Workplace rights 
Pay rates and workplace conditions are set by Australian law. All people working in Australia, 
including those from overseas, have rights and protections at work. These cannot be taken 
away by contracts or agreements. 
If you have questions about your pay and conditions while in Australia, you can contact the 
Fair Work Ombudsman for free information, resources and advice.

- 4 - 
 
 
 
Visit www.fairwork.gov.au for information for visa holders and international students. This 
includes information in 41 languages. 
You can also contact the Fair Work Ombudsman by phone within Australia on 13 13 94 
(Translating and Interpreting Service 13 14 50). 
Pay 
Your minimum pay rate can come from an award, enterprise agreement or other registered 
agreement, or the national minimum wage. Employees have to be paid the right pay rate for 
all hours they work including training, team meetings, opening and closing the business and 
doing a trial shift. 
National minimum wage 
Certain employees may have different pay entitlements depending on whether they have a 
reduced work capacity because of disability, if they are under the age of 21 or if they are an 
apprentice or trainee. You can calculate your correct pay and entitlements using the Pay and 
Conditions Tool at www.fairwork.gov.au/pay 
More information on employment in Australia is available on our 
website immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/visas/working-in-australia/work-rights-and-exploitation/ 
work-restrictions and on the website of the Department of Employment, Skills, Small and 
Family Business www.employment.gov.au 
Tax file number 
To receive an income in Australia, you need a Tax File Number (TFN). Income includes 
wages or salary from a job, government payments and income from investments. 
For more information or to apply for a TFN online, go to the Australian Taxation Office 
website www.ato.gov.au 
Information pack on domestic and family violence, sexual assault 
and forced marriage 
The Australian Government has developed a family safety pack with information on 
Australia’s laws regarding domestic and family violence, sexual assault and forced marriage. 
The family safety pack also includes important information about essential services and 
emergency contacts in Australia. This information can be found at www.dss.gov.au/ 
familysafetypack 
Character requirements 
Entering or remaining in Australia is a privilege. You must obey the law and not engage in 
criminal activity. 
Your visa may be cancelled for a number of reasons, including if you have a substantial 
criminal record or behave in a way that is a risk to somebody in the Australian community. 
More information: immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/help-support/meeting-our-requirements/character 
Advice on tuberculosis 
The Department of Health has developed an information sheet which provides advice on 
tuberculosis (TB) screening and treatment immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/help-support/meeting- 
our-requirements/health/threats-to-public-health#content

- 5 - 
 
 
Useful links 
● 
● 
● 
● 
● 
 
● 
Check your visa details in VEVO: www.homeaffairs.gov.au/vevo 
Update your details in ImmiAccount: www.homeaffairs.gov.au/immiaccount 
Understand your workplace rights: www.homeaffairs.gov.au/workplace-rights 
Learn about family safety: www.dss.gov.au/family-safety-pack 
Update your details (including passport or if you have a baby): 
immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/change-in-situation 
More information: www.homeaffairs.gov.au 
 
Update us 
You are required to tell us about any changes to your details as soon as possible. 
These changes may include your name, passport, contact details, address or family 
members. 
If you do not notify us of your new details, this can have serious consequences for you. 
You must do this in writing and can use Form 1022 Notification of changes in circumstances 
(Section 104 of the Migration Act 1958), which is available at www.homeaffairs.gov.au/ 
allforms 
More information: immi.homeaffairs.gov.au/change-in-situation 
Free Translating Service 
You may be eligible to have up to 10 personal documents translated, into English, within 
the first two years of your visa grant date through the Commonwealth Government's Free 
Translating Service. 
More information: translating.homeaffairs.gov.au 
 
Yours sincerely 
Samantha 
Position Number: 00004258 
Department of Home Affairs 
 
Sent to: andinoeducation@gmail.com 
Sent on: 30 January 2023